Update add-scheduled-task.md (#1667)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/plugin-fundamentals/add-scheduled-task.md

}
```

> The respective task handler, `ExampleTaskHandler` as defined previously in your `services.xml`, will be annotated with `AsMessageHandler` handeling the `ExampleTask` class. In addition the `ScheduledTaskHandler` has to extend from the class `Shopware\Core\Framework\MessageQueue\ScheduledTask\ScheduledTaskHandler`. This also comes with one method, that you need to implement first:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The task handler, `ExampleTaskHandler` as defined previously in your `services.xml`, will be annotated with `AsMessageHandler` handling the `ExampleTask` class. In addition, the `ScheduledTaskHandler` has to extend from the class `Shopware\Core\Framework\MessageQueue\ScheduledTask\ScheduledTaskHandler`. This also comes with one method that you need to implement first:
```
